Let's see how we're going to implement this capability.
The basic solution is actually quite simple.
It consists of a Boolean variable.
Let's say it's called operational.
We then use a function modifier with a require,
where we reference that particular variable.
So for example in require is operational our code would
simply check to see if operational is true or not.
We do need to provide a mechanism by which,
the contract owner or an authorized user of the contract can set that variable.
So for that we will create a function called set operating status and then we
need to also have the actual functions that change state.
Now let's go on to an exercise where you
will add this operational status control to a smart contract.
The key here is to avoid a very serious bug.
After we're done with the exercise I'll tell you more about the bug but I'd like to have
students try to do this exercise and identify for themselves what that potential bug is.
So what you're going to do is make code changes to
exercise C6A.sol and a test as required.
Your objective is to add a control flag Boolean variable.
You next add a function to enable the contract owner to change the control flag variable.
You then use the control flag variable in a require function in a function modifier.
Finally, you go through the contract and review
all the functions that change state and add the modifier where appropriate.
Now, it's important to note that you could potentially use
this ability to pause a contract from a function that reads state,
but that would not serve any purpose.
So you should focus on those functions that change state.
So I'm going to go back to my code environment here.
So this is the solidity file you're looking at,
and this is where you want to complete the task that I've outlined for the exercise.